Note - Webpay deprecation (#1264)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/online-payments/checkout-api/other-payment-ways.en.md

To receive payments with Webpay, you have to send the IP address of the buyer, the financial institution that processes the payment and, optionally, the RUT and the type of person.

> WARNING
>
> Important
>

> > The integration with WebPay will soon be discontinued. To process your sales, we recommend that you use [another payment solution](https://www.mercadopago.cl/developers/en/guides/resources/localization/payment-methods#bookmark_chile).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The WebPay integration will be discontinued shortly. We **strongly** recommend you to use [another payment solution](https://www.mercadopago.cl/developers/en/guides/resources/localization/payment-methods#bookmark_chile) to avoid integration problems in the near future.
```
